We are living in an age where data is being produced faster than it can be consumed,
and this is all too true in health care.
Physician burnout is a major topic of conversation in healthcare these days and much of
the burnout is due to the increased data that physicians are
required to input and consume about their patients.
We expect doctors to see,
Chúng tôi mong các bác sĩ nhìn thấy,
diagnose and treat more patients in less time every year.
chẩn đoán và điều trị nhiều bệnh nhân hơn trong thời gian ít hơn mỗi năm.
This causes fatigue for them and
Điều này gây ra mệt mỏi cho họ và
also potential mistakes on their part that can be dangerous to the patient.
The specific world of medical imaging is no different from the entirety of medicine.
Radiologists are the type of clinician who read
Bác sĩ X quang là loại bác sĩ lâm sàng đọc
medical images and over the past several years their turnaround time,
which is the maximum time they are supposed to spend or reading each image,
đó là thời gian tối đa họ phải dành hoặc đọc mỗi hình ảnh,
has decreased significantly due to increasing demands on the healthcare system.
While this presents burnout,
it presents large challenges for radiologists.
nó đưa ra những thách thức lớn đối với các nhà X quang.
It also presents great opportunities for AI,
Nó cũng mang lại những cơ hội tuyệt vời cho AI,
because AI can enhance efficiency,
bởi vì AI có thể nâng cao hiệu quả,
reduce human errors and achieve goals with minimal human operation.
giảm thiểu sai sót của con người và đạt được mục tiêu với hoạt động tối thiểu của con người.
In 2020, there are a lot of applications of
machine learning and deep learning that exists in medical imaging.
học máy và học sâu tồn tại trong hình ảnh y học.
A lot of these applications are something that fall into
Rất nhiều ứng dụng này là thứ rơi vào
a category called CADx or computer assisted diagnostics.
một danh mục được gọi là CADx hoặc chẩn đoán được máy tính hỗ trợ.
They are tools that help commissions more easily find suspicious areas of medical images.
For example, identifying a region of a chest x-ray,
Ví dụ: xác định một khu vực chụp X-quang phổi,
where there may be lung nodules.
nơi có thể có nốt phổi.
Other applications of machine learning and deep learning include
Các ứng dụng khác của học máy và học sâu bao gồm
reprioritization of clinical workflows so that needier patients are seen faster,
sắp xếp lại quy trình công việc lâm sàng để những bệnh nhân cần được khám nhanh hơn,
and even more cutting edge,
và thậm chí còn vượt trội hơn,
are applications for personalized medicine,
là các ứng dụng cho thuốc được cá nhân hóa,
where deep learning can be used to search
nơi học sâu có thể được sử dụng để tìm kiếm
incredibly large databases to find patients who are similar to one
cơ sở dữ liệu cực kỳ lớn để tìm những bệnh nhân tương tự như một
another and suggest specific treatment plans based
khác và đề xuất các kế hoạch điều trị cụ thể dựa trên
on treatments that were successful for patients who are more similar to them.
về các phương pháp điều trị thành công cho những bệnh nhân giống họ hơn.